[Release] Integrations for Agent 7.42.0 (#13492)
DataDog/integrations-core: argocd/CHANGELOG.md

# CHANGELOG - Argo CD

## 1.0.1 / 2022-12-09

> * [Fixed] Fix logic when other params are passed into instances. See [#13409](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/pull/13409).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Fixed] Fix error that was triggered by including configuration parameters not ending in `_endpoint`. See [#13409](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/pull/13409).
```
